[MUSIC]
Welcome back,
you're halfway to the end of this course.
This week, you spent a lot of time
learning about the different types of data
that can be used to solve problems.
You heard a few of our PWC professionals
talk about these different types of data,
how they're used, and how technology
is impacting data analytics.
Throughout my career,
the data that's been available to use to
solve problems has changed significantly.
When I began my career,
data gathering was manual, pen to paper.
Today, with the digital capabilities
around us and the amount of data being
captured, our enhanced abilities to
analyze data and draw conclusions from it
allow us to provide our clients
with real time insights that impact
their business decisions faster than ever
before and on a more informed basis.
>> That's right, Amity.
For anyone considering a career in
business today, the ability to frame and
solve problems using data analytics
is really an essential skill.
>> Now that you can differentiate, between
different types of data, next week,
you'll learn about the different
techniques used to perform data analysis.
And look at tools like Excel, R, and
Tableau that analyze and visualize data.
[SOUND]